Welcome to Atlantis classes.
So let's continue and understand about the environmental variables.
The last lecture we have.
Simple,
understandable,
the local variables.
So where winter variables we can say an environmental variable is a level toe.
Any child process off the cell.
Some programs need environmental variables in order to function correctly.
Usually,
a shallow script defines on those in when environmental variables that are needed by the
program static islands.
So what does it mean?
It means stop environmental variables are inherited by the Chinese shells or how we can
define it.
We have to use the Commons export variable is going to value,
so let belong to my source and we'll explain you.
So this is myself.
Suppose you know I have given is equal to let me clear it.
Okay,
suppose after it is a good 100.
on the basic Alito 200 season got back in his expression.
These are my local variables,
I can see.
So let's unlistenable the environmental variables.
I'm going to create a simple skip,
and the simplest kept like this is the simplest combat here have given busy quarto tienda
on C is equal to dollar a plus dollar being this kid,
what I have done,
I have simply given visible do tender on sees 1/3 variable and that will be the some off
variable e and B But I have not defined what is in the script.
And at last it would equal whatever the value off.
So let me come out from that simply script have greater Let me get the script for you.
So this is a script 1/2 Okay,
Like it Make it executable.
Now here I have given in this cell is equal Do 500 value of bees going to three under So
see would be somewhere 800.
Let me is good.
I'm not getting the desired output isn't big because is a local very well.
And when I initiated this kid,
what happened?
But J process has been initiated and I already served that these are local variables and
those variables is not,
you know,
inherited toe any programs or any further shells.
So it is not taking that value.
So that's why they accord local variables.
No,
What?
I'm adamant.
Delorme's so here.
If I'm giving is equal to export is equal to 200.
So what happened.
I have I have just created It is good to under But this is my environmental variable Now
what happened?
If I'm again going as good the script I can see the output 400 100 plus 200 That is 400
Because I have created a is my variable on the value of my variable is 100 But that is my
environmental variable This is not my local variable So from this shell,
any further shell is going to initiate it or we can see any child process is initiated So
this will Okay,
it really did the simple definition off.
You know,
environmental variables are inherited by the Seychelles So whatever the child shells any
program is initiated from their shop so it will take your environment available.
So this is the simple definition off you environmental Very bad But this example I can
understand it I can I hope that you can understand what is environmental Very bad.
So from their cell for this lecture hope you have understand the next elected will
understand about your system variables and what are different commands like your e envy and
set commands.
So thanks for watching.
And if you have time,
please join with me the next lecture